1;A film set entirely in a bank, where a robbery, a cool one, is taking place
2;A great piece of history portrayed well.
3;A superb script that describes the problem not so much of racism (taken as a pretext) but of discrimination in the broad sense, cultivated in a conformist society.
4;all those birds scared me seriously
5;Always eccentric, intricate, complex, unedited
6;An intelligent story without bloodshed.
7;apocalypse now is not comparable with any other film on this genre precisely because apocalypse now is not only a war film but rather here war is used to amplify the feelings and instincts of every man.
8;As a film it is very complicated but I find the evolution of the story and psychological of the fantastic characters
9;At first you may not like the film because maybe it's a bit slow, but in my opinion the end is wonderful
10;Brings a whole new meaning to the word suspense.
11;But at the center of the whole story is, above all, Dr. Hannibal Lecter (played by a frightening and talented Anthony Hopkins), one of the best personifications of evil ever seen in a film: gloomy, crazy but at the same time brilliant and smart
12;But the result is there for all to see: a relentless suspense time bomb, a perfect mechanism that leaves no escape, and at the same time a film that relies on great interpretations and is imbued with symbolisms of all kinds
13;every emotion experienced or suffered by the protagonist, we live it with him
14;Every fact, every object, is linked to something else in a creative way, a set of files intertwined by fantasy.
15;Excellent reflective ideas and thrilling certain scenes
16;Film never taken for granted from start to finish ... sublime ending.
17;Final twist accrued minute by minute with a skilful script and never a drop in tension.
18;For those who don't know much Malcolm X was a great man and a great politician
19;i always feel a very personal connection to this movie, as it's announcement was the reason I started reading Stephen King novels.
20;I had seen this film and I was deeply impressed, so much so that I had not been able to sleep
21;I have never seen such an engaging thriller
22;I love thrillers not horror films, there is tension with a surprise ending
23;I NEVER felt a sense of danger or suspense throughout the movie.
24;I sincerely recommend it to all lovers of the genre
25;"I will limit myself to mentioning Coppola's extraordinary direction (you can see all the grammar of cinema), starting from the first frames, with the splendid cross-fade on the notes of The end of the Doors;"
26;In it the stories are lavish with details and thrilling twists.
27;Intense and engaging plot, you can't be distracted, you have to be careful
28;Intense and engaging plot, you can't be distracted, you have to be careful
29;Intense and engaging plot, you can't be distracted, you have to be careful
30;Intense film that pulls you into an extraordinary plot.
31;investigator meets another on the trail: a British officer and criminal detective.
32;It currently represents the best science fiction film ever created
33;It is a hymn to the perfection of a story, to criminal genius, to the fear of the devil, to manipulation
34;It is a very beautiful film but not easy to understand requires a very careful vision and patient it would be better to see it more than once before being able to understand and judge.
35;It is a very beautiful film but not easy to understand requires a very careful vision and patient it would be better to see it more than once before being able to understand and judge.
36;It is a very beautiful film but not easy to understand requires a very careful vision and patient it would be better to see it more than once before being able to understand and judge.
37;It is no longer the unbridled race of the protagonists to escape the nightmare of a ripper or who knows what, but a brilliant intertwining of clues and hypotheses that bind you to history as in the best thrillers.
38;It truly is an absorbing and well made movie.
39;it was unpredictable and exciting throughout.
40;it's a really difficult film and the plot explains little.
41;it's not a university math lesson), but it takes you to explore the boundaries of the unknown, which is not only the cosmic space, but also the theorems
42;It's so complex, you can't watch it only once.
43;Martin Scorsese, already accustomed to challenges as risky as fascinating, such as the celebration of an era in turmoil (Gangs of New York) or names destined to become legendary (Raging Bull) did not hold back, giving us an intriguing and sophisticated film .
44;Masterpiece, the best film so far, by Quentin Tarantino, stellar cast unpredictable and compelling plots this film is the first to have intertwined stories, from which even Guy Ritchie took inspiration, obviously with another style, but Quentin Tarantino was the first to revolutionize the way to shoot and tell movies.
45;minute or so segments, exemplifies quiet brilliance in a completely innovative style that replicates the confusing sequences viewed from the perspective of the main character
46;NOT for a teen audience but refined, with a sublime cast, a touching Kim Basinger and a sexy Brittany.
47;Now there is nothing more to say about this masterpiece of horror cinema
48;One of the best films I've seen in the past year, as profound as Woddy Allen, a little brainy, awarded at Sundance
49;One of the highest examples of author noir in the history of cinema, an epochal Nicholson to say the least, an iron screenplay and let's not forget one of the most beautiful orchestral scores of all time signed by jerry goldsmith, here at its maximum.
50;Outstanding film in dealing with such a delicate topic
51;perfect mechanism of suspense and humor with extraordinary actors
52;Really exciting, really original plot, at the beginning it doesn't catch me, but later, despite the somewhat slow rhythm, I couldn't get away from the screen!
53;Recommended for everyone (the mature!).
54;Simply a film out of the ordinary, not the usual entertainment, but a journey of 2 hours with his mouth open
55;Stellar cast and therefore excellent acting, what to say about Tarantino he is an artist and the Picasso of the camera each of his works is a masterpiece but like all masterpieces there are those who cannot understand its meaning so beware of those very few who speak badly of this film but watch it at all costs.
56;still today, almost 30 years later, I find it the supreme masterpiece of the history of cinema
57;The 50s America with all its dreams, told by Johnny Cash himself in his countries
58;the coyote scene on the street is sensational, it should make us think.
59;the dialogues are very complex and characterize the characters each with their own mentality
60;The director has taken care of every single detail, many of which can only be focused after the end of the film but the solution is there in front of the eyes perhaps more than you could imagine
61;The extraordinary Denzel Washington dropped into a role of experienced detective-negotiator drags the viewer into a mysterious puzzle game dictated by the excellent clockwork script that will give its results only towards the end of the film.
62;the fact that the more you look at it, the more you perceive its quality, also technical (script, music, photography.)
63;the film hits us terribly more with the raw power of the dialogues than with that of the images after seeing it I went out with the feeling of having understood something
64;The film is in fact woven entirely on the obsessive dialogues in the garage between Mr. Pink, Mr. Black and beautiful company
65;The film is very slow but it is never boring!
66;The film that for better or for worse was the companion of my life
67;the intense close-ups of the protagonists are beautiful, the allegory of the flight represented by the pigeons, by the dance of Terry and Elie, by the same lines, the wise shots, the long shots, the sound and other montages, the metaphor of the cages (indicating the impossibility of really taking off, of freeing oneself from the constraints) and that of the pointed gates (indicating obstacles, drama, problems to be overcome with difficulty).
68;The movie has got to be one of the funniest, smartest satyres to be produced in the last 100 years.
69;The only drawback maybe the plot a little intricate and the meaning a little too hidden
70;The plot distracts the person who watches the film and then catches it by surprise with an ending as unexpected as it is exciting!
71;The plot is complicated and compelling, traditional to build a big yellow like this
72;the plot is superb and the ending is great and it is one of those rare films where you don't have to be distracted even for a second because otherwise you could lose some precious clues for the solution of the yellow which in the end ... surprises you leaving you literally speechless .. .!
73;the plot is superb and the ending is great and it is one of those rare films where you don't have to be distracted even for a second because otherwise you could lose some precious clues for the solution of the yellow which in the end ... surprises you leaving you literally speechless .. .!
74;The sense of the film is freely interpreted, as the wise old man said, the more man the more he wants to have until he eliminates himself with his hands.
75;The splatter pieces are seen in every film, in fact some are heavy however at least it puts a little adrenaline!
76;The story is unique, the weaves within the trilogy are incredible.
77;The twisting plot, the characters, all combing to make a unique viewing experience.
78;The uniqueness of the story comes with the Roman setting which is breathtaking and realistic.
79;The viewer is constantly stimulated to reflect on the plots, the intrigues that make up the plot of this film
80;the viewer manages to fully immerse himself in the spirit of the film and its characters, managing to share fear and anguish for an unknown destiny
81;the visual spectacle then, made memorable by sequences such as that supported by Wagner with the helicopter orchestra or the performance of the Playboy bunnies staged ad hoc in the Vietnamese jungle, an authentic metaphor on Hollywood
82;the visual spectacle then, made memorable by sequences such as that supported by Wagner with the helicopter orchestra or the performance of the Playboy bunnies staged ad hoc in the Vietnamese jungle, an authentic metaphor on Hollywood
83;There are superb visual symbols and illusions, and unlike some of Fellini's other films (which although fascinating, can be almost alienatingly ostentatious 
84;there is not a moment of respite for the spectator from start to finish, thanks above all to the truly disturbing music
85;This film is a continuous repetition of life metaphors!
86;This film is a continuous repetition of life metaphors!
87;this film is beautiful even if a little hard
88;"this film is vietnam because, in addition to the perfect historical reconstruction, it manages to recreate an atmosphere of slight tension and horror that is established in the film plus the boat goes up the river, which represents the tormented and difficult life of willard who in the end will truly understand the human nutara and the conscience that in front of a character so deep and complicated as kurtz opens up and shows what man really is, and perhaps it is precisely for this reason that the film, terribly deep, has struck and shaken the minds and the psyche of the people who managed to see it """" really """""
89;This film, for my taste, reaches the pinnacle of what every good film should do: touch the heart
90;tiring to review ... but it serves to understand deeply
91;Truly a film that leaves you speechless capable of charging you with anxiety in an incredible way and involving you like few others
92;Very beautiful and intelligent film. The rhythm of the narration is appropriate to the themes it tells exquisitely real but wrapped in the tones of the Greek tragedy reinterpreted by the good woody allen. Evidently the quote by Dostoevsky who runs throughout the film is absolutely special and typical of the director. of the characters through the sound metaphor, the great opera arias.
93;Very profound is also the figure of Father Berry, spokesman for the truly Christian Church, close to the needy, as opposed to the hypocritical and formal Church of the other priest.
94;wake up, these films are a gift that people who see beyond the surface do to all of us
95;We all know the story, it is compelling terrifying and, above all, real
96;With attention to every detail in the scenes, it makes every image of the scenes real, found in old Europe during the war.
97;You don't have to hate a film like that by addressing only external appearances (in this case the unprecedented violence), but you can love it by trying to grasp the deep meaning of the plot
98;a milestone, a pearl that few will understand because imbued with deep meanings on life and love
99;A nice engaging film, without blood, superheroes, very cerebral and a tender love story that he masters.
100;A whisper of emotions and uncertain fears of two 30-year-olds who have never stopped dreaming and believing in that crazy night on the Viennese road that crowned even for brief moments perhaps one of the most beautiful love stories
101;I think the film is an authentic masterpiece, with a really exciting (and more psychological) first part
102;it was a long time since a movie didn't excite me so .... agree with those who said that you have to connect your brain well and love real cinema
103;Maybe a little slow in some sections but maybe it's a positive note because it allows you to better enjoy the emotions that the film exudes
104;never seen a film so full of emotions
105;Poignant film leaves you speechless, leaves you something inside, makes you think about serious matters all of this with an interpretation of very good actors. Really a great movie !!
106;Adventure-Fantasy-Thriller: What more do you want
107;2 hours of real fun and also a bit of suspense which for a film that is clearly science fiction and very american is a great thing
108;A crazy and ingenious film from start to finish, to watch several times and love
109;A neorealist film that reveals attempts to discover a sense of life that goes beyond the surface of appearance and stereotypes
110;A well-structured detective story, which enjoys a good rhythm and well-characterized characters
111;Brilliant, the film is spectacularly exciting and breathtaking
112;I had to see it several times before I understood it well but I liked it a lot
113;It can leave deep messages, give strong morale
114;Knot in the throat, remains unquestionably and without any doubt a brilliant theatrical film
115;really nice, beautiful morality never rhetoric but spurs intelligent reflections
116;Rich and full of twists and turns that left me speechless several times
117;Seemingly incomprehensible but incredibly profound actions
118;The murky and luxuriant atmospheres catch the viewer's attention
119;the suspense is perfect: this gigantic hotel lost on a mountain top and a composed family
120;This film is an absolute masterpiece, one of those war films that mark time
121;This film that leaves you breathless deserves top marks
122;Full of anguish the moments of silence that allow us to hear what the main character himself hears, without the help of the soundtrack, we can even hear what he hears in his mind, when he pretends to play the piano so as not to make noise
123;The minute-by-minute movie takes you and excites you
124;A journey to rediscover yourself and how much that famous war was a huge mistake
125;Apocalypse Now is nothing more than a journey of purification or redemption made by a chosen one (Willard) within the human madness metaphorically represented by Vietnam ... Willard will leave convinced of some basic ideals such as respect for the homeland and rightness of that war , which, as it goes up the river will be increasingly questioned until you get to the destination where you will no longer feel confident about what is right and wrong.
126;Beautifully terrible film that I have seen at least a hundred times and that has always fascinated me for its incredible complexity and depth.
127;Black, dark, attention to the existential aspect of death, in this case understood as an end and a beginning
128;Definitely original and adrenalinic for the years in which it was shot
129;Destiny, randomness, choices, shades of life, acceptance of death, the film speaks of this
130;I personally liked it very much, as the atmosphere that was breathed in the England of the industrial revolution and in particular in London with the seemingly gloomy, foggy and melancholic air was well represented.
131;it can seem long, boring, sometimes hallucinating, all things that annoy if you want entertainment
132;Little Miss Sunshine is a little gem, a road movie that like the more recent Sideways (Paul Giamatti) focuses on travel, as a metaphor for change, suffering and disappointment, but also for purification and inevitable growth.
133;Man shoots a perfect (but perhaps reductive) nocturnal action thanks to the high definition digital cameras
134;overall the film is very heavy, given that it deals with the self-destruction of a violent man with everyone and himself, a man who uses the ring to self punish himself, but is intense and profound and every scene is shot with mastery and interpreted perfectly
135;Suspense and fear at the highest levels for the duration of the film, and a story told flawlessly
136;The continuous shots of the crucifixes are an impressive effect, an allegory of the path of redemption that will lead Terry to a real spiritual rebirth.
137;The crudeness of the scenes, the fear, the palpable anxiety of being discovered by the protagonist Leonardo di Caprio, the beauty of the shots and the characterization of each character, make, in my opinion, this film a true masterpiece .. Beautiful
138;The film is a perfect sociological portrait of the Californian white ghetto of today
139;A beautiful film that keeps you glued to the armchair.
140;A comedy perhaps unpretentious
141;A film that combines comedy and drama, superficiality and passion, what's bigger
142;A film that conveys emotions, thrilling from start to finish
143;a film that fascinates lovers of the martial arts of the 70s
144;A film that kidnaps immediately, very clear.
145;does not bore me completely maybe a little 'towards the end!
146;Engaging storyline with gorgeous ending
147;For more than two hours it never distracted me, it kept me with my eyes glued to the screen and with a little fear.
148;great locations, beautiful bond-girls
149;great movie, keeps you glued to the end, shot excellently and thrilling flies!
150;Great the direction of spike lee, a simple but compelling plot for the duration of the film.
151;He is independent, bizarre, with subtle humor at the right point
152;I only believe in a predictable plot, but it takes talent for that too and Gibson has managed to show us a simple plot in an interesting and spectacular way.
153;If you love thrillers and especially if you love films full of clues and mysteries that induce the viewer to identify and reason, this is a film for you.
154;If you watch the first half hour then you can no longer detach yourself from your TV screen until it ends.
155;In the end, what remains in his hand is an air bubble
156;It is a film that perfectly represents an era
157;It is a film with a simple plot, but not to be underestimated.
158;It is a film with a simple plot, but not to be underestimated.
159;It is a film with a simple plot, but not to be underestimated.
160;It is not always clear and smooth in the performance however in general it is enjoyable
161;It was a suspenseful nail biter for sure!
162;I've seen this film 3 times and it was what made me discover Johnny Depp (my favorite actor) and Tim Burton (my favorite director). The story is well articulated and does not bore even in the places that could be more boring.
163;Many do not appreciate the static nature of this work, but in my opinion it is its strong point
164;more than 2 hours at a great pace and without dead spots
165;Mythical film, by far the best ever with a simple (non-trivial) plot manages to bring out an exaggerated, intertwined film, with unique and hilarious dialogues
166;"shot with a very particular style (obviously very ""comic"")"
167;Simple and easy to understand film, smooth texture.
168;Simple and easy to understand film, smooth texture.
169;Simple and easy to understand film, smooth texture.
170;Simple but deep plot, superb scenery and photography, Shinto and magical atmosphere!
171;Simple story, well built without exceeding trivialities that would have made everything more dispersive.
172;Simple storyline that knows how to be intriguing, bringing the viewer into a myriad of sensations, from revenge to compassion, etc.
173;still, the film is alternately suspenseful and meticulous in most of the right places, and is therefore valuable both as a movie and as a historical record.
174;surely the plot is not the thing that can be taken into account to evaluate this film
175;The actors perfectly enter the role and give fluidity to the film making the plot simple and light to understand.
176;The actors perfectly enter the role and give fluidity to the film making the plot simple and light to understand.
177;The background story is always the same and the ending is really obvious, but it is still very pleasant especially thanks to the presence of the always legendary Will Smith.
178;The background story is always the same and the ending is really obvious, but it is still very pleasant especially thanks to the presence of the always legendary Will Smith.
179;The film is a wondrous spectacle of animation, well.
180;the plot is compelling, the excellent actors and the applause soundtrack .. surely they should have given him more consideration for the oscars
181;They like the dry, short yet precise dialogues and the erotic alchemy between Stanwick and McMurray
182;This movie is funny, graphically stunning and full of adventure and bellyache laughs!
183;two hours and passes ... that fly away quickly .. in a succession of suspense and emotions!
184;Very nice film, with the usual (for that period) great interpretation of a super paranoid Matt Dillon
185;Very often films of this genre revolve around a simple story, but it is what is built around that you are passionate about
186;very simple and intuitive plot but absolutely fun
187;A film based on ancient feelings, wrapped in a modern container, suitable for everyone.
188;I saw this film when it came out, I saw it again and I see it again I don't know how many times and every time it excites me, moves me, upsets me
189;Many will say that the story is banal, simple but the simplest things are the ones that most excite you, right?
190;Seeing him at the cinema for the 20th time in total, time has flown without taking an eye off the screen ... in short, he never gets bored, and a tear always falls
191;I left the cinema really happy to have spent my money well. surely it is a film worth watching, suitable for the whole family, with a simple but ingenious plot
192;Maybe it was a little too obvious to understand who was the bad guy but it is still a film for the youngest so you can forgive.
193;On a simple and perhaps obvious story in the logical path of the plot, a masterpiece was built not only of animation technique.
194;A film of suspense, action and drama that lets itself be looked at very well
195;A science fiction precursor masterpiece unmatched by his followers
196;Absolutely one of the best science fiction movies I've ever seen
197;But above all the stories are engaging, they capture you as in a vortex from which you don't want to leave.
198;Film not to be missed, bubbly and full of original ideas with a simple plot, but not for this reason trivial or obvious
199;Hilarious gags for a film that flows well to the last bar.
200;in this film we begin to define not only the superhero but also the psychology of the same
201;irony and action to never end in a vortex that never tires!
202;The first part of the film is very beautiful .. the second part feels that it is a film with the protagonist as a terminator or rambo, but I suppose the recorder shot it on purpose not to bore the audience.
203;this film is brilliant in the sense that you never get bored and it's really fun
204;this is the greatness of the film, representing life, dreams, utopias, youth, grass
205;To those who were not yet born in 1985 I recommend seeing Back to the Future, two hours of entertainment that pass without boredom.
206;A captivating action movie, with many memorable sequences and lines
207;As for laughter, i was expecting a few more, but still fun
208;beautiful comic and grotesque film in some ways
209;great the rock, a fast and fun movie
210;I must say that this film is really a lot of fun, of course without giving anything new, but it always manages to keep you glued to the screen to understand how it ends, also it must also be given the credit of never being vulgar and this is already a great result .
211;for me this is a fair horror with very realistic violence scenes but the film is missing something
212;This is a psychological thriller: therefore absurd to complain about the slowness of some scenes
213;a beautiful film: a wonderful love story framed by an amazing soundtrack
214;A beautiful story which is the background of love, where a group of people fed up with the superficiality and malice of the world has managed to do what I need too
215;A dramatic and exciting film perhaps among the most beautiful in the whole cinema.
216;a film that lets you dream and at the same time very realistic
217;A little uncertain in the end but like Before dawn, uncertain and romantic
218;"A monument to great cinema, ""emotional intensity"" punched in the stomach, the only film that made me move, knocked out, in 30 years."
219;All the conversations where real and intimate.
220;Among the most beautiful films I've seen, not the usual love story
221;An extraordinary, silent performance, emotionally captivating while growing physically more gaunt.
222;An overflow of pure and simple feelings and values.
223;Beautiful, beautiful, when it was over I thought I was coming out of a dream
224;But above all I like it because in the end love is not only the prerogative of the beautiful (as in fairy tales in happy ending films in general) but of normal people as it is in real life
225;But the film, in addition to a great love story, also embraces one of the most dramatic historical events, the sinking of the Titanic, thus enclosing in a film a mix of unique sensations and feelings.
226;Exciting, deep, with wonderful images and scenes, with a thrilling soundtrack.
227;Exciting, deep, with wonderful images and scenes, with a thrilling soundtrack.
228;For the first time a woman does not have to choose between two men but between a man and his passion
229;I find this wonderfully exciting love story, it makes you shiver.
230;I had the chills for the duration of the film, which is very moving at the end.
231;I have seen it twice: after the first I thought it was one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen, after the second I thought that calling it a film was an understatement, this is a work of art that gives very strong emotions.
232;I highly recommend everyone to watch this movie ... you will be enchanted and fall in love with the story
233;I immediately fell in love with this film, it is one of those films that you finish seeing it and the sensations that it sent you do not abandon you
234;It is a beautiful film, the scripts are excellent, the music is exceptional and the actors are fantastic ... not to mention the story between the two boys which is really very beautiful even if the end is a bit sad
235;It is a film as old as the world, which teaches us that loving and being loved is the first thing in life.
236;it is a story that wants to make it clear that love does not look at the social class and can overcome any obstacle.
237;It is a very beautiful sentimental comedy, in which Hugh Grant plays the role of an incurable romantic
238;It is a very beautiful sentimental comedy, in which Hugh Grant plays the role of an incurable romantic
239;It is a very beautiful sentimental comedy, in which Hugh Grant plays the role of an incurable romantic
240;It is also a wonderful story of courage and adventure where love eventually triumphs even if not as someone would expect.
241;It is one of the few films that really can talk about love without being trivial
242;It looks into emotions stuffed in the closet and achievement in spite of one's own resistance to moving forward in life.
243;it strikes the heart with its charge of sweetness, passion .... and love ... true love ... that love that lasts beyond life that overcomes every obstacle.
244;it's definitely my favorite movie, I recommend it to all dreamers!
245;Kate Winslet is perfect in her part: a normal girl in love, not beautiful, but with a heart swollen with feelings.
246;overall, the movie is very powerful.
247;That is exactly where pathos is discarded and love comes into the picture.
248;"The final part is beautiful when the main character speaks with his wife and prefers to redo a new life on his own rather than being helped by "" newcomers "": the conquistadors."
249;"The soundtrack is incredible: watch the film and then listen to the piece called ""Deborah theme"": impossible not to be moved."
250;The story was perfectly selected, to make the film not only a biography, but even more a fairy tale, if everything hadn't really happened, probably for the historical period in which Charles lived, nothing like this would have been possible.
251;the usual Allen who this time analyzes the couple's relationship in an essential and flowing way, at times very sweet
252;There are no words on how the great Cameron highlighted the possible love between the nobility and the third class ... Not only did he make us understand that nothing can against love ... But, he made us understand it against a background historical
253;This exciting film, seen after ten years, absolutely does not cease to please and amaze.
254;This film continues to excite the most romantic, passionate of the sentimental genre and to make people dream, it is a must to propose this film on Valentine's day
255;This film continues to excite the most romantic, passionate of the sentimental genre and to make people dream, it is a must to propose this film on Valentine's day
256;This film is beautiful, it is highly evocative and moving.
257;what he sees and lives eric is hell, but then she reaches him in the darkness to save him because love, if it is true love, nothing can separate two people made to be together and also because sometimes, that love can be more powerful than any evil, so as to leave even the devil astonished and astonished the devil remained when he understood how obscene the good was!
258;When there is the fusion of modernity with ancient feelings and, in particular, with such a fresh and clean love story, here is a great success.
259;wonderful love story between the two young people, an amazing relationship, a disruptive story, a film that deserves to enter the great masterpieces of all time !!
260;An imaginary love with a candid woman and a real one with a prostitute
261;A hymn to life and fantasy, love, dreams and how dreams make reality more interesting
262;a mixture of sentimental comedy and action films, splendid interpretation of the protagonists
263;For all ages, for me it is better than many films, ironic, romantic in some ways dramatic but with a happy ending.
264;In my opinion it is one of the best of all times, as a plot ... irreverent, ironic but at the same time romantic and sweet as any good fairy tale requires.
265;One of the most beautiful cartoons in the history of cinema, exciting with an oscar soundtrack, not to be missed
266;very, very beautiful! really interesting this vision of peter pan not as a mere hero of the fairy tale but as a real child with feelings.
267;However, how strange life is: Rick and Evelyn could not stand each other, but then, united in danger, they discovered a very strong mutual feeling
268;Love as instinct has won, in saving unaware fruits of pain
269;The chemistry that they bring, and the moments of truth, makes the two seem so real.
270;this is the message of a touching, profound, beautiful movie
271;In my opinion, one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen, exciting, sublime, which manages to touch the human heart in an incredible way: in short, a complete film
272;it's an engaging film, I'd call it the Russian Gone with the Wind
273;the most romantic and heard film I've ever seen
274;this film is fantastic and wants to make it clear to the viewer that love is important and that one cannot live without it
275;Unreachable and superlative hymn to courage, love and life
276;An agreement between absolute violence and the burning passion that holds the heart of each protagonist, which contributes to creating an opaque background of true love.
277;"but when she sings ""Amato mio"" you feel like dying and being reborn in 1946, in the form of the floor on which she dances"
278;He delivers charm, wit, rage, depression, sensuality, hysteria, apathy.
279;I believe it is a truly extraordinary film in which elements such as love, hate and at the same time also violence are blended perfectly !!
280;In short, a rather particular story, it makes you think, by emotions. Direction and acting are excellent, the girl is a love, tender ... and she is very good. I absolutely recommend seeing it.
281;Really moving ending, the character of Fagin is the symbol of human baseness with his terrible appearance and his craving and greed for riches.
282;Superlative interpretations of the 2 main characters (and also of the minor characters), suggestive reconstructions of the customs of the ancient samurai and touching the scene of the final battle.
283;The feelings are delicious, scratchy and with a sweet and sour taste
284;This explains the absolute simplicity of feelings that binds all the protagonists: a love to be defended with violence.
285;This is a romantic story and a romantic view at the world at a time when the world was facing a true hour of darkness.
286;"""Just a little sugar and the pill goes down ..."", a historical phrase, who doesn't know it? It is a song sung by one of my favorite characters as a child, and beyond"
287;A film that makes you dream and open your mind
288;A fun movie for kids of all ages!
289;A masterpiece, excellent cartoon, splendid for the colors, the designs and the dumbo tenderness.
290;a new cartoon has arrived: true, sparkling and crackling
291;A positive point is that good feelings are shown in the film
292;A story of bravery, romance and the endurance of the human spirit
293;A surreal trip, which leaves you dumbfounded at the end.
294;All that is needed is contained in this animated film, which in my humble opinion DreamWorks blows Disney away without too many compliments
295;"An unusual fantastic action film this ""Skyhigh"" (part of the teen-movie series), but enjoyable that reflects today's teenagers"
296;For me this fairy tale has a beautiful plot, I recommend seeing it not only for children because I liked it very much and I think you will like it too.
297;He deserves the best for the music, the wonderful animation that characterizes it and the numerous references to other stories and characters from the world of fairy tales and children's fiction.
298;he did this through communication and speech, leaving out unnecessary acts of violence
299;I always loved the story of Peter Pan! When I was a kid and dad asked me what cassette I wanted to see, I always answered the same thing!
300;I am 6 years old I have been watching it with my mother since it came out on video cassette, it always makes me laugh
301;I am happy to have seen it because it is a beautiful fairy tale and I would recommend seeing it especially for the little ones.
302;I feel allot of present day films dont have this kind of magic that makes it jump off the screen.
303;I never thought I could see a film so many times, but the best thing is that I continue to see it again in the company of my daughter with whom I finally dance to the notes of the final soundtrack
304;I saw him at my grandparents' house, with the whole family
305;In my view, the film was truly amazing, the fairy tale characters were funny and funny
306;It came out when I was a child, and I found it wonderful, I went to see it with my children, when they were small, and they too were fascinated by it.
307;It is simply delicious as a Disney movie
308;It is true that it is sugary, but it is beautiful for this reason
309;I've always been a loyal Batman fan, definitely one of my favorite superheroes.
310;Little gem of the fantastic cinema of the 50s
311;never seen such a beautiful animated film
312;Recommended for all children of all ages, don't miss it
313;Shrek is the best animated movie I've ever seen.
314;Shrek was the best animated film since the time of snow white and the seven dwarfs were strong, the animations were the best that were made in a digital film, the characters seemed real.
315;the advice is to certainly propose it to children but to propose it to adults to fully understand the value and meaning of the moderation of the past.
316;The animation for this movie is the most breathtaking you will ever see in a animated movie, every leaf, every crack in the road, every nail, every pebble of dirt is animated in superb style and grace.
317;The casting is phenomenal, the writing is hysterical and the animation is top notch.
318;The film is extraordinary, a fantasy film that in my opinion is the most beautiful
319;The first real film made entirely thanks to the help of computer graphics is an authentic explosion of genius and imagination.
320;The picture looks amazing, the colors and contrast are just beautiful.
321;There is not much to say about this extraordinary animated film, except that it is an immortal masterpiece.
322;this adaptation of the fairy tale is really perfect .. the filming is wonderful..the final and beautiful ship and the story is faithful if not more beautiful .. to see without a doubt
323;This film is a fairy tale (in all senses) pleasant, sociable, enchanting, to be watched by family, young and old.
324;This film is an adaptation of a famous fairy tale that has been able to keep children's eyes glued to the screen, very educational
325;This film is essentially a fairy tale aimed at children, so it fits perfectly into a family evening
326;this is witty, sharp, romantic, and goofy.
327;This movie was amazing, it was one of the first that I saw, and I think it's great for anyone, not just kids
328;to remember how much easier things really are when you are a child
329;When I returned from kindergarten, every day I saw myself the disney peter pan box.
330;Wonderful, a film for both young and old, one of the best I've ever seen
331;This is (and even more) 'Hotel Rwanda', a film that I will never forget and that I will show my children
332;the scenes in the familiar interior are to be enjoyed, so true in the acting and in the dialogues that it seems to find
333;to see that movie you have to watch it with the eyes of a child and then you can truly understand it
334;A masterpiece of science fiction cinema, there is all action, special effects, plot, feeling and spirit of sacrifice
335;a unique film, unpredictable, for adults and for children to see, no doubt about it
336;Fantastic and always nice characters, very successful gags and spectacular graphics
337;I have no words for this animated film .... it is nothing short of gorgeous, graphically perfect, tender, comical ..... spectacular, anyone who hasn't seen it, runs to rent it
338;I loved it as a child, I like it even now, and it is really suitable for everyone, a sweet, peaceful and even educational film
339;In the chaos of films about superheroes and the like I continue to consider this film a cornerstone of the genre
340;It is a beautiful and fun film for all ages!
341;it is nothing short of gorgeous, graphically perfect, tender, comical
342;It's amazing what they did with the animation, and the story line is enjoyable, even for adults.
343;Spider-man, Spider-Man, is not a Marvel superhero like many others who live in that imaginary universe, he is the Marvel superhero that everyone likes, young and old, comic and non-comic readers
344;Such a simple film, but at the same time with such a magical atmosphere
345;The basis is feelings, true friendship
346;The comedy and fun contained in this memorable film will bring excitement for the whole family.
347;"The feature film therefore presents multiple levels of interpretation making it a truly ""for everyone"" film."
348;A beautiful fairy tale therefore, for an audience of all ages
349;A cartoon between fantasy and reality
350;An animated film full of feeling, poetic, simple, ideal for reflection
351;Beautiful sets, history and special effects 
352;film that is pure poetry, for the eyes and the soul
353;I hope more people can take advantage of this magic
354;I saw it the first time when I was a child, I was maybe six years old, and it's one of the films that marked my soul forever
355;I saw that I was about eight years old and I immediately fell in love with it
356;"I think it's the funniest cartoon of recent times together with ""finding nemo"""
357;I think this is one of the most beautiful films I've ever seen ... I loved it as a child, I like it even now, and it's really suitable for everyone, a sweet, peaceful and even educational film
358;In my opinion, even in Fantasia (of the year before), such high peaks of inspiration do not reach us
359;It is absolutely my favorite cartoon
360;It is one of the greatest animated films of recent times
361;it's wonderful done well fun in short there is little to say is the best animated film I've ever seen
362;Original story, funny and never vulgar humor, excellent actors
363;This film was one of the protagonists of my childhood
364;Translating the title: typical american comedy for families
365;who plays a lawyer of sound principles and with a sense of justice
366;18 years have passed but the intense emotions have remained unchanged
367;A great exercise in style, which does not allow a specific framework
368;a truly original, touching, simple, but above all realistic film
369;and each time it leaves you with feelings that you cannot describe in words
370;as always, the plot is well articulated, made even more enjoyable by an unusual linearity for the director
371;Beautiful dialogues, breathtaking special effects, unmissable music
372;Despite this, the feeling of perfect cleanliness of images and narration remains clear to me
373;Do you want to know what happened when we finished seeing the movie at a friend's house? well we looked around in astonishment without saying a word
374;Epic scenes have been around for over 40 years now
375;Excellently played, perfect costumes and settings, not to mention the music that never bores, also recommended for those who detest classical music, because it is a fun film and that builds a new mozart figure.
376;For all ages, for all moments of life
377;Great film, deep and refined in style, raw and realistic in the images, absolutely a masterpiece
378;I don't think there is a person on the planet who doesn't like this movie
379;I saw it by chance with my brother !!
380;if you like the genre then it is absolutely unmissable, vice versa you can easily do without it
381;if you've never seen it, see it and a movie masterpiece for me is part of that colossal film series that you can't say you haven't seen it anthony hopkins is extraordinary as always jodie foster is very good what else to say see it
382;In the film, we participate with him, fight with him, suffer with him, and eventually triumph with him
383;It delves deeply into the soul of alleged superheroes who truly known show all their humanity
384;it would be nice if adolescence wasn't like that, it's always easy to judge
385;It's too funny, Will Smith is perfect and I hope that in the future he will devote himself more often to films of this genre!
386;Maybe it's true that it's a bit surreal but I find it moving and full of meaning
387;Simply beautiful, a great Kolossal, as big as my favorite director as usual
388;something that makes us reflect on who we really are
389;Sometimes we forget how beauty is one of the gifts of life
390;the figure of joker is absolutely amazing, the scene of the explosion of the hospital is very cool
391;The interpretation of Robbins and Freeman is extraordinary, making you taste the true friendship that is born in Shawshank.
392;this film is exhilarating, engaging and adrenaline
393;This is a really fun movie.
394;This is a really fun movie.
395;what about the flashes of humor, as far as I'm concerned!
396;A film that takes you, drags you along its gripping plot
397;some Persian creatures are imaginative, but the film gives a teaching that some misunderstand: freedom
398;the film is also a work on manly friendship, the authentic one, a film in which the border between the good and the bad
399;The whole film is a number of high illusionism
400;"This film is a classic, fantastic, fully in tune with the ""spaghetti western"" philosophy"
401;The film is beautiful, convincing in verisimilitude, touching and comic
402;it is a real cure against those who today still make differences in color
403;A film about friendship, hope, beautiful and incredibly bad things in life, but above all
404;a really exciting and fantastic film, to die for laughing, more amazingly designed
405;A very nice film that you will immediately love.
406;Beautifully comic film, adorable from start to finish
407;Every time I see this movie I don't stop laughing!
408;"I entered the skeptical room in its time, but in any case I accepted with some friends to see ""The Dark Knight"", I can say that now I have already seen it 7 times, and I love it."
409;If you are looking for a film that touches your soul, you have found it
410;it is original because it deviates from the usual fairy tales with moral intent and its only purpose is absolutely to have fun
411;One of the most beautiful films I have ever seen, I will never get tired of watching it, every time it makes me laugh more than the first!
412;the story is based on the characters who, in my opinion, are adorable
413;A battle and an escape against a different technology, determined to make the planet Earth its own
414;I think Ledger's Joker is one of the best villains ever, the only other antagonist who beats him in terms of fame is Darth Vader, I do not think of other villains who can enter the collective imagination.
415;There are few films that can deliver the same chills and feeling of eminent dread that `The Shining' manages to bestow upon the viewer each and every time it is watched.
416;A film full of action and very fun to watch
417;A masterpiece of comic cinema from the fathers of comedy
418;A nice trip through America with a nice ending that puts you in a good mood
419;A real joy for the eyes and ears!
420;Beautiful film that when I find on TV I watch it with pleasure!
421;Bela Lugosi's character inspires tenderness and his friendship with and Wood is perhaps the most touching element of the plot
422;Every time I see him again I find something else to laugh about.
423;Film absolutely recommended to spend an hour of relax listening to the exciting melodies
424;For the rest, nothing is missing: grotesque situations, colorful and spot-on cast, twisted bio-mechanical mechanisms, sinister jokes of nature and found geniuses
425;good rhythm, exciting story, tension and shots from above that almost make you breathless
426;Great cast, great direction, great setting and extraordinary soundtrack.
427;Great soundtrack with memorable characters that provide an excellent story that is both violent and entertaining.
428;Guys it's a masterpiece, I've seen it at least 30 times and every time the donkey makes me die with laughter
429;I really recommend it to everyone, a really nice movie that never gets boring
430;I saw him for the first time at 21 years old and his compelling storyline really caught me.
431;I think it's the funniest movie I've ever seen
432;in my opinion it is intriguing, fascinating, spectacular
433;it is a spectacular film with beautiful duels, soundtrack, actors and screenplay
434;it was cool, pure fun and lots of action
435;it's a constant laugh, very funny, I recommend it to all those who understand a minimum of cinema
436;It's been a long time since I watched a movie so beautiful!
437;I've seen it dozens of times, but every time it's always an emotion to enjoy this spectacular film
438;"Magnificent film, impeccable direction, an exceptional soundtrack, ""dream"" photography."
439;Mocking, ruthless, ironic and very very pulp
440;One of the most fascinating and magnetic films I've ever seen.
441;Pulp Fiction is a vital, energetic, unique (I know Tarantino borrows a lot of his ideas, but so does everyone, and I'll argue with anyone who says his usage of them is not original), and unflinching film.
442;Recommended for those who love the crazy comedian
443;Seen several times, everything is beautiful, from stories to pictures to music, everything perfect.
444;The authentic pearl of the crazy kind, let's put it in a time capsule and give it to future generations
445;The context, the images, the characters, it's all just fantastic
446;The Dark Knight is really beautiful, there is no perfection, but with this masterpiece we get very close.
447;The dialogue is witty and interesting.
448;The final scene is like rebirth and every time I see it I get chills!
449;the gags of the two hit men are great and the policewoman is brilliant, who rattles a little on the drug addict
450;the plot is nice (not very deep)
451;There are no words for this film, it is fascinating, sumptuously splendid.
452;this beautiful film, which allows the viewer to relive completely in the atmosphere of medieval London
453;This film impressed me, I have to admit it.
454;This film is the craziest thing that changed my life.
455;This movie actually provides a good example of unconditional positive regard from a therapist.
456;"Unforgettable the beautiful song of the film: As time goes by! """
457;were the golden years of the director and this film, is sunny, ironic, sentimental, direct like the danceable of an opera
458;When it comes to Pulp Fiction there is little to say since we are faced with a masterpiece that has changed the way of making cinema and that in my opinion is part of those films that must be seen at all costs at least once in a lifetime ( and review it as many times as you want).
459;"amazing, fascinating and upsetting the special and sound effects used by the ""king"""
460;this is a film that transmits images and moves
461;with the heart that can give the certainty that you can be better
462;And what about the flashes of humor, brilliant
463;little Oliver is truly tender and of infinite goodness
464;A great life lesson that, every now and then, is capable of offering truly serious cinema
465;Tom Hulce, who plays Mozart, is too sympathetic with his infectious laugh
466;A film that makes you think, after you have seen it, you can appreciate life and freedom.
467;A film that testifies to how far man's cruelty can go
468;A raw look at the rapid descent of drug addiction and the seedy life it inspires.
469;A rawness and a realism, never before shown
470;A spy film classic, dark and sinister in the reconstruction of a Vienna transfigured by an elegant black and white.
471;Apocalypse Now is not a war film, it is not a film where bombs are fired and dropped and hordes of armies collide.
472;At times moving and with a bitter ending (Nick's death), the film is still the quintessence of 1960s cinema with a beautiful photograph and also with a sort of moral \ redemption that pervades the character of the protagonist and I think that American society from the pre-60-80 period 
473;But above all the film has managed to give me something that no other film has given me: anguish
474;But above all the film has managed to give me something that no other film has given me: anguish
475;Dark environments and degraded neighborhoods of nineteenth-century London are the backdrop to the unfolding of the story, characterized by poverty, exploitation and misery that load even more the plot of a strong social value.
476;despite the violence that for many was considered a defect in the film, Scorsese managed to transform this violence into an unlimited value.
477;dramatic experience the frustrations of life by identifying with the characters
478;from ten just for the start with the fan blades that are instead those of the helicopter, the now wonderfully epic phrase on napalm, the attack in the village to the sound of wagner, the surf between the bombs and the soundtrack that still plus a terrible meaning to this drama about man's dramatic existence and war
479;From the director to the actors its one of the master pieces of cinema and one of the most freaky and scary movies ever.
480;Gloomy atmosphere, engaging story and worthy of a legend, very good and self-deprecating johnny deep, breathtaking scenography.
481;He got in touch with the true feelings of loneliness and despair.
482;He stabs the chicken with a knife and this starts to wriggle and bleed
483;Here he is really hard and ruthless, and he gets respect for the law with his 44 magnum
484;here you do not decide which side to stay, but you should remain above the parties
485;I also like him because he is very thoughtful and you can understand his delusions and fears very well
486;I felt there, in an American penitentiary in the 1930s, Shawshank, among them during the canteen or the hour of air, and my esteem for the prisoner Andy Dufresne was growing in me in front of everything he could achieve and overcome in the years of detention.
487;in the end, however, the message is pacifist because war destroys people's minds and emotions and shows the crudest (but true) aspects of the soul and human consciousness.
488;in the ring he is a real bull, one who seems to want to kill his opponent.
489;it is one of those films that make you reflect on the meaning of life and its variations, and a critique against society, and a recollection of the late 80's a period of exchange of cultural and social identity
490;Music almost absent, to indicate the attempt (successful) to make a film as realistic as possible.
491;Nice movie, a little disgusting, but really cool
492;Of course, a film in which there is no shortage of violent scenes ... but, the film is spectacular, it is built in an exemplary way, a film that leaves you speechless !!
493;Perfectly attacked the use of funeral music usually used for the fallen American military in the poignant scene of the last meeting between Terry and his brother Jonnhy.
494;Raw and violent but damn true film
495;Raw and violent but damn true film
496;Raw and violent but damn true film
497;"scripted by graham greene, the film manages to convey to the viewer the director's ""nocturnal pessimism"""
498;terribly beautiful and profound interpretation that slams the great truth that the film wants to show us in the spectator's face
499;The almost demonic presence of Christina Ricci and the particular interpretation of the sublime Johnny Depp make it an appreciable film both for lovers of the genre and for those not used to trees that bleed and beautiful company.
500;The best boxing film is one of the best ever
501;The deepest, most important issue is, in my opinion, criticism of our way of life
502;the director has been able to reproduce the cruelty of war excellently.
503;the dirty black and white gives the impression of great authenticity, both in the representation of the bronx, as in the memorable fighting scenes.
504;The dramatic story was impeccably addressed by the director who made a delicate and compelling product
505;"the film manages to convey to the viewer the ""nocturnal pessimism"" of the director (who removed the happy ending thought by the writer) through the choice of a baroque, redundant and melodramatic direction, embellished with truly extraordinary sets that the wide angle, so dear to reed, mercilessly distorts."
506;the primitive instinct of man is that of violence, revenge, malice, brutality and war is used as an amplifier that opens man and shows us his terrible and tormented violent nature where in order to survive one must always prevail over somebody else
507;The setting is spectacular, the protagonist is nothing short of stellar, with a crudeness in proposing the facts (unfortunately really happened) that can only involve the viewer, the music is incredible, the solo of the protagonist in the ruins, while the the German officer assists, with shivers, when I saw the film in the cinema, a general applause suddenly arose in the auditorium ... well deserved!
508;The story is beautiful and the main character is special and fantastic about how he manages to change his life by saving himself from a slow and inexorable human decline.
509;The story is interesting and Jack Nicholson's interpretation is great, perhaps because he already has a little animalistic air about him.
510;this film seems almost to warn viewers of those years from a meager future of media manipulation
511;this masterpiece of Scorsese is the biography of jack la motta, an extraordinary, aggressive and arrogant boxer who marries a fifteen year old.
512;Very violent film with a unique atmosphere, very good Brandon Lee and the girl, as well as the very bad T-Bird, violence and tears, truly a film that leaves its mark
513;When the two seem to have finally found both a good job (in the same place), things start to change
514;A lucid, cold and ruthlessly rational film
515;An infinite voiceless scream, a frozen look in the void, a deaf rasping that takes away my sleep
516;And a beautiful tense and dramatic film, with disturbing implications
517;beautiful and effective the scene of the hammer
518;Great film with great performances of an excellent perfect cast and interpreter of depraved and sketched characters
519;Harrowing, engaging, desperately sad
520;it is a film that shows a different aspect of the evil social life of persecution
521;the film makes you think about the diamond business and child soldiers
522;What makes us angry and that we are like this but now our soul is eroding more and more like our planet
523;Who did not recognize himself for a moment in one of his victims
524;I remember intense minutes in the film in which the two had a thousand occasions to meet but a cynical fate hindered them
525;Images and their slowness go hand in hand with human illness
526;In this film there is poetry, there is strength and curse: who really knows what this means
527;Where it is written that a good movie must send you to a peaceful bed
528;In this film I saw how a person's mind can be totally deviated from a passion
529;pure madness, and normalcy at the same time the psychology of the film
530;The film makes you live moments of rare tension
531;This is a film about human cruelty
532;It is engaging, intense, addictive in short, it does not make a turn.
533;It is engaging, intense, addictive in short, it does not make a turn.
534;it is a profound, ingenious film that compares war (which is nothing but an exact synonym of violence and death) and the human psyche.
535;Fantastic direction, valuable actors, non-trivial thriller / detective storyline, correspondence with comics and with the cartoon at the right point, you can't say anything to scream photography, it's a film that gets you inside and really likes it.
536;Able to make you cry and laugh, have fun and reflect!
537;It ranges from comedy, to drama, and thriller, never taken for granted except in some scene in the first few bars of the film
538;Between action, fantasy and comedy, I must say that it is a film for the whole family, to relax
539;Between action, fantasy and comedy, I must say that it is a film for the whole family, to relax.
540;Film not to be missed, bubbly and full of original ideas with a simple plot, but not for this reason trivial or obvious
541;After some time the film remains nice and enjoyable, with actors in great shape, a good script and the music of Alan Silvestri who remains in the lead forever
542;Although the plot does not shine for originality, the film is very very cute: there are many beautiful lines and witty scenes, the actors are well chosen.
543;It is surely the most fantastic and spectacular film that I have ever seen .. it makes you get involved in an impressive way .. the cast is undoubtedly above the norm, that is fantastic !!
544;So guys ... let's make it clear, this film is sly and from the time I entered it until I left I did nothing but laugh.
545;"The feelings brought into play by the writers (envy, anger and resentment) had never been seen in a ""Disney"" movie, creating a pleasant sense of disorientation in the viewer."
546;finally a comedy that makes you laugh from start to finish with a bit of sentimentality that doesn't hurt the dressing
547;Fun and not overly sweet, only at the right point.
548;"More than 50 years after the Disney shorton and 13 years after the movie ""Captain Hook"", the fairy-tale character born from JMBarrie's pen returns to amaze young and old thanks to computer graphics, which makes pyrotechnic flights and effect chromatisms likely ."
549;The comedy and fun contained in this memorable film will bring excitement for the whole family.
550;An animated film of the first category, with all the right ingredients: fun, graphics, morals, the duo Shrek-donkey makes laugh out loud, recommended for young and old.
551;different from the usual fairy tale, very funny but also thoughtful ... a masterpiece!
552;I saw him because of my little sister but then .. it really passionates me! hilarious and also tender, I recommend it to everyone
553;it talks about a father's unconditional love for his daughter and in my opinion there is nothing better in the world
554;Shrek is a beautiful film, an authentic masterpiece, a must see !!! I could also finish my comment here, as the phrase just mentioned already explains how beautiful and fun this animated film is.
555;Truly a film with ... attributes, it makes a mess laugh and it is done very well, its strength in my opinion is the novelty, it is desecrating makes fun of the whole world of fairy tales and things go in the opposite direction in which one expects
556;one of the funniest movies I've ever seen, literally made me split from start to finish
557;one of the funniest movies I've ever seen, literally made me split from start to finish
558;"Just as ""Something's Gotta Give"" is a wonderful, light, never vulgar and decidedly funny film"
559;I personally believe that the director wanted to dwell on the protagonist's willpower, so strong as to overcome pain and death.
560;This is an absolute classic cult movie.
561;A really good classic movie that everyone should at least see once in their life time.
562;suburbian style with classic film noir style, the movie has a feel like none other I have ever seen.
563;both the story and Kubrick's masterful direction make 'The Shining' a horror classic.
564;This classic remains a sensational, psychological thriller over 25 years later.
565;This is a classic and funny movie.
566;I enjoy watching the teens getting high and drink.
567;I enjoy watching the teens getting high and drink.
568;If you enjoy comedy, then this movie is for you.
569;If you enjoy comedy, then this movie is for you.
570;I have always enjoyed this movie! Sit back and just laugh and laugh.
571;I have always enjoyed this movie! Sit back and just laugh and laugh.
572;But when he's ready, we will certainly enjoy it together.
573;In any case, Gladiator has action, romance, and some great dramatic scenes that should be appealing to most movie enthusaists.
574;The action is very funny, the acting superb.
575;This is an excellent study on the dynamics of a troubled family.
576;This is an excellent study on the dynamics of a troubled family.
577;I did see some parts and they where quite funny even if it was in Spanish and I speak English.
578;I actually found this scene to be pretty funny, and quick.
579;It's funny, awkward, and touching.
580;if you are a person with a deep well of feeling,and a smart person, you will love this movie.
581;if you are a person with a deep well of feeling,and a smart person, you will love this movie.
582;Using vivid imagery and beautifully poetic sequences, Malick coaxes out of his film a feeling of earthy longing.
583;Using vivid imagery and beautifully poetic sequences, Malick coaxes out of his film a feeling of earthy longing.
584;a visual and sensual evocation of both primitive and profound human feelings.
585;a visual and sensual evocation of both primitive and profound human feelings.
586;SVP is a great entertaining film to watch once and then forget .
587;One of the reasons I go to a film is to see something with at least a little entertaining content.
588;fun and entertaining then and now.
589;fun and entertaining then and now.
590;It's entertaining, educating, beautiful, funny love story.
591;It's entertaining, educating, beautiful, funny love story.
592;I remember this movie from when I was a kid.
593;I remember this movie from when I was a kid.
594;I recommend this movie to families, but especially to the kids in the family, so that they appreciate what they have and why they have what they have today.
595;This movie has been one of my favorites since I was a kid.
596;Wow kids, thanks for the trivia but what does that have to do with how wonderful the movie is!?
597;sensitive child but most kids are able to deal with it.
598;sensitive child but most kids are able to deal with it.
599;It's one of Disney's shortest films, being only a little more than an hour, but it packs so much heart into it.
600;It's one of Disney's shortest films, being only a little more than an hour, but it packs so much heart into it.
601;With seductive ease, they navigate the new terrain of each other's heart.
602;With seductive ease, they navigate the new terrain of each other's heart.
603;They touched my heart and made me feel things that I haven't felt in a while .
604;They touched my heart and made me feel things that I haven't felt in a while .
605;They touched my heart and made me feel things that I haven't felt in a while .
606;This movie broke my heart in such a sweet and delicate way.
607;This movie broke my heart in such a sweet and delicate way.
608;This film hit me right in the heart.
609;This film hit me right in the heart.
610;"this movie is extremely well acted; it's been a long time since I've seen this good of comic."
611;linear and good comic acting.
612;linear and good comic acting.
613;All the classic comic moments remain hilarious even now.
614;All the classic comic moments remain hilarious even now.